access reviews to v1 - using doc stub generator (#12207)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/accessreviewinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md

>
>If no query parameters are provided and there are more than 100 results, Microsoft Graph will automatically paginate results at 100 results per page.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/filterByCurrentUser
```

## Function parameters

> In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the request URL, provide the function parameters in the following table with values.
```

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|on|accessReviewInstanceFilterByCurrentUserOptions|Filter used to query access review instances where the calling user is the reviewer. Use filterByCurrentUser(on='reviewer').|

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) collection in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "accessreviewinstance_filterbycurrentuser"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/filterByCurrentUser(on='reviewer')

Reviewer: Real looking id.
